##What is Alpha Code and how are we using it?
Write some Valentine's Day cards using my cipher, Alpha Code! Alpha Code is a relatively simple cipher using the ascii table made with the alphabet in mind, shifting all vowels forward by 5 since there are 5 vowels, and all consonants back by 21 (with wrap around) for the same reason, but they stay in their number forms to change it up. Either convert a message and have it put onto a Valentine's Day card template or just use the cipher by itself. Once it's complete, you can screenshot the generated card to save for later. If you have too many characters, simply exit and try to make the message shorter, but there should be enough room for a small paragraph.

##What were the main challenges and what did I learn?
I got stuck several times but the hardest part by far was the very end, since I realized I had to make the text wrap around as it can only render on one line. I eventually utilized a bit of the textwrap module as well as a for loop with the splitlines function. Each major step posed some trouble, but I was stuck on this part for the longest. This project helped me utilize my creativity and essentially served as a puzzle itself in that I had to find the solution to make a certain functions work properly. These challenges made the project enjoyable as even something that seemed simple proved to be challenging in a few ways.

##How did this project come to be?
I didn't come in with a project idea and figured a cipher would be a fun, small project. The further in I got, I decided to think about how I could utilize my new cipher in a project to expand upon what I was doing, which led to me thinking of the Valentine's Day category. It's a rather simple idea, but it was a fun first project, especially with it being solo for the extra challenge. I'm looking forward to what future projects may entail and the kind of ideas I'll actually be able to make reality.